    When i was given this assignment I was shown the finished product and felt
a little overwhelmed as I saw alot of moving parts and began doubting if i could even build something 
like this. I followed a problem solving procedure called Polya. My first goal
was to fully undertstand the problem and goals. I reserached Conway's game of life and 
fully understood the rules and theory behind it then i formulated  aplan to start.
Since this was a front-end assignment, I decided to use react since I am very fmiliar
with this framework and it allows for great production builds. Once that was decided, my first step
was to decide on a method to build a grid system. I was originally using canvas but i couldnt quite figure
out how to properly display the grid. After hours of struggling I decided to try using a 2D array as 
my grid system. I declraed the 2D array and filled it with a div I styled to be a box and then I ran
the program and the grid system displayed perfectly as planned. Once that was done I rendered the title and the game rules
onto the screen. I then planned out the color scheme and added the buttons: start, pause, clear, and seed. Of course, the 
buttons at this point didnt do anything but I had my basic layout and i was content. This was around the end of the second day and
I wanted to reserach how to implement the game before finishing. I tried looking at various resources and it was getting
really confusing and frustrating. I went to bed that day pretty upset I almost elt like I couldnt get rest until I figured it out.
Sometimes it is just really hard for me to let go of something when it is on my mind but I hope it is a 
skill I get better at as I continue my develoment journey. The morning after I sought help and after hours of 
coding and trying different things I was finally getting somehere. I found a good guide and refactored my code and after long, hard hours of work
my cells were breathing, living and dying. It was beautiful. Great feeling when hard work gets rewarded. After this was done I then moved
to configure my buttons. I added the fubnctionality for start, pause, clear, and seed. I made an executive
decision for the grid to be seeded as soon as you load the page so users can just hit start and watch it go. My site was finished and after some 
styling changes I was ready to deploy. The deployment gave me issues as I had a folder created by create-react-app inside my main repo and for some 
reason the deployment wasnt workin because of this. I took out all the contents from the folder and retried and this did it. I deployed my site onto herokku
and completed the assignmnet. It was a long journey to do this but I felt I gained alot of skills from this and grew as a developer. I had a lot of fun and 
hope you enjoy the app: https://conways-life-game.herokuapp.com/